README.md, before:

# DAGV2240Repo

01/10/23
My robot arm is meant as a medical assistive device to be used at home by patients needing intravenous infusions. The device is stabilized on a four prong stand that would be positioned beside an IV bag pole. The medication would then be hooked up to the inner tubing, where a spiral tube would be utilized to reduce bubbling. A ball joint and elbow joint would connect the second part of the arm, which houses the programmable pump unit and screen, which allows the user to input instructions for medication administration. At the end of this part of the arm is a hand where the fingers house four different gauge needle catheters. The hand would be programmed to detect veins and initiate venous access before administering the attached medication.

01/12/23
During the modeling process, I somewhat changed the tubing section of the robotic arm into a flat curve with a central tubing system. The flat curve is meant to suck bubbles out of the moving medication while it is traveling through the central unit.

Commit message:

Final Description Added to README

README.md, after:

# DAGV2240Repo

01/10/23
My robot arm is meant as a medical assistive device to be used at home by patients needing intravenous infusions. The device is stabilized on a four prong stand that would be positioned beside an IV bag pole. The medication would then be hooked up to the inner tubing, where a spiral tube would be utilized to reduce bubbling. A ball joint and elbow joint would connect the second part of the arm, which houses the programmable pump unit and screen, which allows the user to input instructions for medication administration. At the end of this part of the arm is a hand where the fingers house four different gauge needle catheters. The hand would be programmed to detect veins and initiate venous access before administering the attached medication.

01/12/23
During the modeling process, I somewhat changed the tubing section of the robotic arm into a flat curve with a central tubing system. The flat curve is meant to suck bubbles out of the moving medication while it is traveling through the central unit.

01/16/23
As I finalized my model, any changes I made were entirely for aesthetic purposes. I added edge loops to shape things the way I wanted them to be shaped and I also added some shapes to add structural integrity to the arm.
